Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#3890)
microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

> > If you need to build this project for customization purposes, we strongly advise you to refer to our [samples](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/tree/main/samples). If you cannot find any samples that fulfill your customization needs and you don't know how to do that, please [send your dream to us](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/issues/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you need to build this project for customization purposes, we strongly advise you to refer to our [samples](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/tree/main/samples). If you cannot find any samples that fulfill your customization needs where Web Chat will need modifications, please [send your dream to us](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/issues/).
```

>
> Forking Web Chat to make your own customizations means you will lose access to our latest features and security updates. Maintaining forks also introduces chores that are substantially more complicated than a version bump.

# Preparing the environment

There are 2 steps to prepare the environment: [install tools](#installing-tools) and [prepare the repository](#preparing-the-repository).

## Installing tools

> Please install the follow in the development environment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please install the following in the development environment:
```

-  [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) of LTS or latest version
-  [NPM] with minimum version of 7.0.0
-  [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/)
-  On Windows 10, install [Windows Subsystem for Linux 2](https://aka.ms/wsl2)
   -  [Ubuntu 20.04](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/p/ubuntu-2004-lts/9n6svws3rx71)

## Preparing the repository

> To keep our main repository clean and easy to maintain, all changes must done in a [fork](https://github.com/microsoft/botframework-webchat/fork).

Reviewer: Need to figure out how we're going to enforce this

Author: Seems no way to enforce this (for administrators/us).

There are two ways to build: one-off and continuous build.

- For one-off building, run `npm run build`
- For continuous building, run `npm start`

The bundle output will be located at:

- [http://localhost:5000/webchat.js](http://localhost:5000/webchat.js) (also `webchat-es5.js` and `webchat-minimal.js`)
- `/packages/bundle/dist/webchat*.js`

# Trying out the build

There are multiple ways to try out the build:

- Using our prebuilt environments
  - Our prebuilt environments are great ways to test out the latest from Web Chat
  - Using the Web Chat playground
    - `cd packages/playground`
    - `npm start`
    - Navigate to [http://localhost:3000/](http://localhost:3000/), and click on "Official MockBot" on the upper right corner
  - Using `webchat-loader`
    - Navigate to [https://compulim.github.io/webchat-loader/](https://compulim.github.io/webchat-loader/)
    - In the version dropdown, select [`http://localhost:5000/webchat-es5.js`](`http://localhost:5000/webchat-es5.js`)
      - If you do not see this options, make sure you have run `npm start` and can access the URL

>     - Selecting a bot to use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Select a bot to use
```

      - If you do not own a bot or prefer to use our bots, select "[Public] MockBot" or other bots from the presets
      - If you have your own Direct Line or Direct Line App Service Extension bot:
        - Check "Direct Line via Web Socket" or "Direct Line App Service Extension" in the "Protocol" section
          - For "Direct Line App Service Extension", set the host name to your bot
        - If you have the Direct Line secret of your bot, type it in the "Secret" box
        - Otherwise, type the token in the "Token" box
      - If you have a Direct Line Speech bot:
        - Select the region of your resource in the "Speech region" box
        - Type the subscription key in the "Speech key" box, or the authorization token in the "Speech token" box

>     - Selecting speech options for non-Direct Line Speech bot:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - (If using speech), select the speech options for non-Direct Line Speech bot:
```

### Running tests manually

Download [ChromeDriver](https://sites.google.com/a/chromium.org/chromedriver/downloads) and extract to the project root.

Run `npm run browser`. It will open a new browser window to http://localhost:5001/**tests**/html/. Then, navigate to the test file.

When tests have completed successfully, the page should display a green check.

![Transcript with a green check showing test succeeded](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/raw/main/docs/media/running-test.png)

> If the test pages take any screenshots, run them in Jest to save the screenshots to `/__tests__/__image_snapshots__/html/`.

### Running tests automatically

For test environment convergence and stability, Web Chat uses Docker for hosting the test environment. Please install the following components:

1. On Windows, install [Windows Subsystem for Linux 2 (a.k.a. WSL 2)](https://aka.ms/wsl2)

> 1. [Docker Desktop](https://www.docker.com/get-started)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install [Docker Desktop](https://www.docker.com/get-started)
```

1. (Optional) Install [watchman](https://facebook.github.io/watchman/) to improve Jest performance
1. Run `npm run docker`. It will start a Docker Compose with Selenium Grid and 4 nodes of Chrome
1. In a new terminal, run `npm test` to start Jest. When Jest runs the test pages, it will take screenshots of new tests and save it under [`/__tests__/__image_snapshots__/html`](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/tree/main/__tests__/__image_snapshots__/html)

### Troubleshooting test suites

We run test suites on every PR and require 100% pass rate. If test suites do not complete successfully, the cause may be:

- New changes are causing failure(s) in existing tests

> - Intermittent services issues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- There are intermittent services issues
```

> - Test reliability issue, please see [#2938](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/issues/2938)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- There are test reliability issues. Please see [#2938](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/issues/2938)
```

> - Polluted development environment, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- There is a polluted development environment, for example:
```

  - Make a fresh clone of BotFramework-WebChat and run the test suites without any changes. If the fresh clone tests pass, this means the latest code changes are causing failures.
- Identify whether the failure is intermittent
  - Run the (failing) test suites again, potentially using Jest filters (<kbd>F</kbd> for failed tests)

If existing test suites fail without any code changes, please determine the following:

- Test suites always fail, even after repeated runs
  1.  The service may have been updated, causing the test suite failures. Please [file an issue](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/issues/new/choose) on the Web Chat repository.
- Test suites fail intermittently
  1.  Service reliability problems (e.g. for DirectLine, or Mockbot) may be the cause. Please [file an issue](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/issues/new/choose) on the Web Chat repository.
  1.  Test reliability problems may be the cause. If so, please comment on [#2938](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/issues/2938) and include:
  - Failing test names/files
  - Failing screencaps, if available. These images can be retrieved from `__diff_output__`

>   - Error messages

Reviewer: I think there's a spacing issue here - bullets are in the same level as the parent ordered list. Maybe one more space per line is needed?

Reviewer: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/14900841/118196964-ce5bf780-b402-11eb-9b77-f4228cf0916b.png)

Author: Fixed.

To debug race conditions:

1. Append `location.reload()` to the test code to continually reload the test page until it fails
1. Navigate to the test page on `http://localhost:5001/tests/<testname>` and wait until the test fails, after which the automatic reloading will stop

General tips on race conditions or intermittent test failures:

> - After sending a message, wait for responses from the bot (using `host.minMessagesShown(2)`)

Reviewer: Sorry, the correct method name is `minNumActivitiesShown` - could you confirm?

Author: Yap, fixed. `await pageConditions.minNumActivitiesShown(2)`.

> - After a long message is shown, wait for scroll to complete using `host.scrollComplete()`

Reviewer: Sorry, the correct method name is `scrolToBottomCompleted` - could you confirm?

Author: Yap, fixed. `await pageConditions.scrollToBottomCompleted`.

- Remove or speed up animations and media progress bars
  - If your screenshot is taken with a GIF animation, such as the spinner next to "Connecting..." prompt, you will want to replace it using `styleOptions`:
    - `styleOptions: { spinnerAnimationBackgroundImage: 'url(/assets/staticspinner.png)' }`

## Static code analysis

Run `npm run precommit` for static code analysis.

To ignore any ESLint errors, please use `eslint-disable-next-line` instead of disabling a specific rule for the whole file. Comments are required on why the rule is disabled.

## Final checks

There are checks that automation will not be able to capture. For example:

- Transparency
  - Summarize test updates or changes as a part of the pull request
  - If there are ONLY test changes, summarize those changes in `CHANGELOG.md` as well
  - Fill out the pull request form with details
- Hygiene

>   - Make sure imports, members, variables, etc, are sorted alphabetically

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Make sure imports, members, variables, etc., are sorted alphabetically
```

>   - Avoid one-off variables, prefer JavaScript shorthands, shorter and faster code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Avoid one-off variables, prioritize JavaScript short-hands to promote shorter and faster code
```

  - CSS
    - Remove unneeded CSS styles
    - Use CSS BEM and always namespace with `webchat__`, for example, `webchat__block__element--modifier`
    - [Articles on CSS BEM](#articles-related-to-css-block-element-modifier-methodology)
  - Only use local assets
    - All assets must be self-contained and not loaded from any external URLs. This includes both Web Chat assets and test assets
  - No logging to console. Only exceptions:
    - Deprecation notes
    - Warnings
    - Errors
  - No global pollution, for example:
    - No `taborder` with numbers other than `0` or `-1`
    - Minimize `z-index` usage
      - If `z-index` is an absolute must, it must be used in a [new stacking context](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Positioning/Understanding_z_index/The_stacking_context)
    - Be mindful when using CSS styles in a component with content from end-developers. CSS styles may leak into the content, for example:

>       - Set `font-family` as early as possible

Reviewer: I added a little more to add here, but it's in a different comment. Could you verify and add?

  - When fixing a bug, a new test must be added to reproduce the bug to protect regressions
  - For feature work, please add as many tests as needed to future-proof the feature and protect the investment
  - Avoid using sleeps. Instead, use [fake timer](https://www.npmjs.com/package/lolex)
  - Prioritize short, numerous tests to maximize test parallelism
    - Avoid single, monolithic tests as much as possible
- Ensure that changes are [secure by default](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secure_by_default)
- Benchmark
  - Performance should not drop significantly
  - Bundle size should not increase significantly
  - Code coverage should not decrease significantly
  - Backward compatibility should be maintained for 2 years
- Cross browser compatibility
  - Windows 10
    - Chrome
    - Microsoft Edge Chromium
    - Firefox
    - Internet Explorer 11 (except speech features)
  - Safari on macOS
  - Safari on iOS or iPadOS
  - Chrome on Android
- Include feature documentation, samples, live demo, published demos bots, etc.
  - All samples must also come with a hosted live demo
  - Please discuss with us if a specific bot is needed for the live demo

## Summary

> The following is a quick summary on how to approach when [fixing a bug](#fixing-bug) or [implementing a new feature](#implement-new-feature).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is a quick summary on how to approach [fixing a bug](#fixing-bug) or [implementing a new feature](#implement-new-feature).
```

-  http://localhost:5000/webchat.js (also `webchat-es5.js` and `webchat-minimal.js`)
-  `packages/bundle/dist/webchat*.js`

# Trying out the build

There are multiple ways to try out the build:

> -  Playing with playground

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Using the Web Chat playground
```

> -  Playing with `webchat-loader`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Using with `webchat-loader`
```

>    -  Navigate to https://compulim.github.io/webchat-loader/

Reviewer: Add link

Reviewer: There should be documentation on how to use the loader

Author: Linkified + more docs.

   -  In the version dropdown, select `http://localhost:5000/webchat-es5.js`
-  Write your own HTML page to load Web Chat
   -  `<script src="http://localhost:5000/webchat.js"></script>`

> -  Create a new React app and symlink or load tarballs from these packages, in this specific order

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Create a new React app and symlink or load tarballs from these packages, in the following order:
```

   1. `/packages/core`
   1. `/packages/api`
   1. `/packages/component`
   1. `/packages/directlinespeech`
   1. `/packages/bundle`

# How to contribute to our code

> 1. [Write test pages first](#test-driven-development)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Test driven development](#test-driven-development)
```

1. Fix the issue or implement the new feature
1. [Run static code analysis](#static-code-analysis)
1. [Final checks](#final-checks)

## Test driven development

We care about software quality. Quality checking prevents regressions, reduces maintenance costs, minimizes chores, and enables us to move faster.

> For bugs, write test page to reproduce the bug, then fix it. This will prevent future regression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For bugs, write tests page to reproduce the bug, then fix it. This will prevent future regressions.
```

> For features, use test page as a playground. Write new tests to verify different sub-features, e.g. rendering in carousel layout vs. rendering in stacked layout. Also write tests for both happy and unhappy paths. This will future-proof the work and protect the investment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For features, use the test page as a playground. Write new tests to verify different sub-features, e.g. rendering in carousel layout vs. rendering in stacked layout. Also write tests for both happy and unhappy paths. This will future-proof the work and protect the investment.
```

Reviewer: I feel like these directions are contradictory to the suggestions of using playground/loader above

Author: Right, the approach is confusing.

Test page is for developer who is developing the feature, so they can do TDD.

Playground is for developer who do not own that feature, but would like to try it out.

What do you think?

Reviewer: I see, makes total sense, haha. Yeah, could you add a comment to that effect in both sections?

Playground: 'Using the Playground (and loader) is a great way to test out the latest from Web Chat'

Test page: 'Using a test page is recommended over using the playground or loader for development, for faster loading and quick reproduce ability. '

Author: I separated the bullets (above, around line 63) into 2 sections: "Our prebuilt environments" and "Your own HTML page".

What do you think?

Reviewer: looks good, ty!

> ### Writing first test

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Writing a test
```

Start by copying the test page template from [`/__tests__/html/simple.html`](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/blob/main/__tests__/html/simple.html) and [`simple.js`](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/blob/main/__tests__/html/simple.js). Additionally, follow [other test pages](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/tree/main/__tests__/html) to learn about our [page object model](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/tree/main/packages/test/page-object/src/globals).

> We prefer using end-to-end visual regression tests (VRT) for pixel-perfect and whole feature verification. And unit tests for utility functions. For VRT, we use [`pixelmatch`](https://npmjs.com/package/pixelmatch) via [`jest-image-snapshot`](https://npmjs.com/package/jest-image-snapshot).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We prefer using end-to-end visual regression tests (VRT) for pixel-perfect and whole feature verification. Unit tests should be written for utility functions. For VRT, we use [`pixelmatch`](https://npmjs.com/package/pixelmatch) via [`jest-image-snapshot`](https://npmjs.com/package/jest-image-snapshot).
```

Author: This is good. I want to learn how I can spot this mistake.

The original one looks too good to me and it blinded me. Any tips?

Reviewer: That's hard. Generally, it's good to avoid starting a sentence with 'And' or 'But'. If you want to use 'But', I would instead use 'However' (beginning of the sentence). 

In beginner English, they say "never start a sentence with And or But". Then in intermediate, they say "It's actually ok to start with and or but, but don't use it too much".  I think there are more elegant solutions to convey the same. 

If you want to start a sentence with 'and', try removing the and and see how the flow is. Generally, if the sentence is a part of a paragraph, it is intrinsic that the two sentences are related.

(Unresolving for visibility. No action item)

### Running tests manually

Download [ChromeDriver](https://sites.google.com/a/chromium.org/chromedriver/downloads) and extract to the project root.

Run `npm run browser`. It will open a new browser window to http://localhost:5001/**tests**/html/. Then, navigate to the test file.

> When tests have completed successfully, it should show a green check.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When tests have completed successfully, the page should display a green check.
```

![Transcript with a green check showing test succeeded](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/raw/main/docs/media/running-test.png)

> > If the test pages take any screenshots, run them in an automated manner to save the screenshots.

Reviewer: 'automated manner' is vague. How is this?:

'Run the new tests in Docker to save screenshots (see below). Verify that these screenshots match the behavior you intend to test.'

Reviewer: Is this in reference to running one-off vs continuously? In that case, the old verbiage is clearer.

Author: No this is not related to one-off or continuously.

All of them are continuously now:

- `npm run browser`: This will run a browser only, but the end-dev should be running `npm start` in another terminal
- `npm run docker`: This will run Docker and rebuild/restart containers as needed (i.e. watch)
- `npm test`: This is Jest watch

Reviewer: ok. How does top comment seem to you?

Author: Automated manner -> "run in Jest"?

### Running tests automatically

For test environment convergence and stability, Web Chat uses Docker for hosting the test environment. Please install the following components:

-  On Windows, install [Windows Subsystem for Linux 2 (a.k.a. WSL 2)](https://aka.ms/wsl2)
-  [Docker Desktop](https://www.docker.com/get-started)

> -  (Optional) Install [watchman](https://facebook.github.io/watchman/) to improve Jest performance

Reviewer: recommended command?

Author: No need command, it will be used by Jest automagically.

> Run `npm run docker`. It will start a Docker Compose with Selenium Grid and 4 nodes of Chrome.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `npm run docker`. It will start a Docker Container with Selenium Grid and 4 nodes of Chrome.
```
?

Reviewer: Ah, you're right. Sorry about that. Still really bad with docker vocab TT__TT

Your suggestion LGTM!

> Then, run `npm test` to start Jest. When Jest run the test pages, it will take screenshots and save it under [`/__tests__/__image_snapshots__/html`](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/tree/main/__tests__/__image_snapshots__/html).

Reviewer: Make this an ordered list

> Then, run `npm test` to start Jest. When Jest run the test pages, it will take screenshots and save it under [`/__tests__/__image_snapshots__/html`](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/tree/main/__tests__/__image_snapshots__/html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `npm test` to start Jest. When Jest runs the test pages, it will take screenshots of new tests and save it under [`/__tests__/__image_snapshots__/html`](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/tree/main/__tests__/__image_snapshots__/html).
```

### Troubleshooting test suites

> We run test suites on every commit and requires 100% test pass. If test suites did not complete successfully, they are likely:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We run test suites on every PR and require 100% pass rate. If test suites do not complete successfully, the cause may be:
```

> -  New changes causing fail in existing tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  New changes are causing failure(s) in existing tests
```

> -  Intermittent services issue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Intermittent services issues
```

> -  Test reliability issue, please see [#2938](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/issues/2938)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Test reliability issues. Please see [#2938](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/issues/2938) for the current known list.
```

Reviewer: Hmmmm this will require us to be vigilant in making sure 2938 stays up to date. This also makes the process of adding to the list and removing resolved issues very messy.

Ideas for better tracking:
- Reliability issues kanban: That way, completed issues can still be viewable, but we can still add issues as 'fixed' to the `CHANGELOG.md` if one PR addresses all in that particular issue. Those will go to the Done column, and a new issue can be filed when new reliability chores surface. (Maybe use the `technical-debt` tag for auto-tracking?)
- 'Main' tracking issue, where reliability issues are added, and eventually marked as complete using checkboxes.

This allows for tracking of previous reliability problems, but makes it easier to keep up to date without having to continually update docs.

Reviewer: Issue (rather than sticker) works for me!

Author: https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/projects/21

Will move issues from aggregated #2938 into individuals, then move to this board.

-  Polluted development environment, for example:
   -  Outdated `node_modules` content
   -  Outdated Node.js or NPM

> When the test suites failed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the test suites fail:
```

> -  Identify if it is related to new changes or not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Identify whether it is related to the code changes:
```

Reviewer: that works. Sorry I didn't think of it 😝

>    -  Clone a clean repository and run the test suites without any changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   -  Make a fresh clone of BotFramework-WebChat and run the test suites without any changes. If the fresh clone tests pass, this means the latest changes are causing failures.
```

> -  Identify if it is intermittent issue or not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Identify whether the failure is intermittent
```

>    -  Run the test suites again

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   -  Run the (failing) test suites again, potentially using jest filters (`f` for failed tests)
```

> If existing test suites failed without any changes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If existing test suites fail without any code changes:
```

> -  Test suites always fail

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Test suites always fail, or fail intermittently:
```

> -  Test suites always fail

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Test suites always fail, after repeated runs
```

>    1. Service could be updated and causing a break in our test suites, please [file an issue](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/issues/new/choose)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. The service could be updated and causing a break in our test suites. Please [file an issue](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/issues/new/choose)
```

>    1. Service could be updated and causing a break in our test suites, please [file an issue](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/issues/new/choose)

Reviewer: - Potential causes:
      - Service changes may be causing test suite breakage
      - Service reliability issues (e.g. DirectLine, MockBot, etc) may be causing intermittent failure
   - Please [file an issue](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/issues/new/choose) to report these failures

>    1. Service could be updated and causing a break in our test suites, please [file an issue](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/issues/new/choose)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. The service may have been updated, causing the test suite failures. Please [file an issue](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/issues/new/choose) on the Web Chat repository.
```

-  Test suites fail intermittently

>    1. If related to service issue, such as the MockBot is down, please [file an issue](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/issues/new/choose)

Reviewer: Delete lines 146, 147

>    1. If related to service issue, such as the MockBot is down, please [file an issue](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/issues/new/choose)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Service reliability problems (e.g. for DirectLine, or Mockbot) may be the cause. Please [file an issue](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/issues/new/choose) on the Web Chat repository.

>    1. If related to test reliability, please comment to [#2938](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/issues/2938)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Test reliability problems may be the cause. If so, please comment on [#2938](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/issues/2938) and include:
   - Failing test names/files
   - Failing screencaps, if available
   - Error messages
```

To debug race conditions:

> 1. Append `location.reload()` to the test page so it will keep reloading the test page until it fail

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Append `location.reload()` to the test code so it will keep reloading the test page until it fails
```

> 1. Navigate to the test page manually and wait until it failed and stop reloading

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the test page on `http://localhost:5001/tests/<testname>` and wait until the test fails, after which the automatic reloading will stop
```

General tips on race conditions or intermittent test failures:

> -  After sending a message, wait for responses from bot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  After sending a message, wait for responses from the bot (using `host.minMessagesShown(2)`)
```
I forget the proper method name

Reviewer: Sorry, `minNumMessagesShown`

Author: Fixed.

> -  After a long message is shown, wait for scroll to complete

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  After a long message is shown, wait for scroll to complete using `host.scrollComplete()`
```
I forget proper method name

Reviewer: sorry. `scrollToBottomCompleted`

Author: Fixed.

> -  Remove or speed up animations and media progress bars

Reviewer: Should go into more detail on examples
- Replacing spinner with static image in connectivity tests (link to test)
- Lolex? Other examples?

Author: Added `styleOptions.spinnerAnimationBackgroundImage`.

Lolex is not related to race conditions. It is used to pause and advance the clock programmatically and very precisely.

## Static code analysis

Run `npm run precommit` for static code analysis.

> To skip any ESLint errors, we prefer `eslint-disable-next-line` instead of disabling a specific rule for the whole file. Comments are required on why the rule is disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To skip any ESLint errors, please use `eslint-disable-next-line` instead of disabling a specific rule for the whole file. Comments are required on why the rule is disabled.
```

## Final checks

There are checks that automation will not be able to capture. For example:

-  Transparency

>    -  Add a new log to `CHANGELOG.md`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   -  Summarize test updates or changes as a part of the Pull Request
   - If there are ONLY test changes, summarize those changes in `CHANGELOG.md`
```

   -  Fill out the pull request form with details
-  Hygiene
   -  Make sure imports, members, variables, etc, are sorted alphabetically
   -  Avoid one-off variables, prefer JavaScript shorthands, shorter and faster code
   -  CSS
      -  Remove unneeded CSS styles

>       -  Use CSS BEM and always namespace with `webchat__`, for example, `webchat__block__element--modifier`

Reviewer: link to BEM docs

>    -  Assume offline

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   -  Only use local assets
```

>       -  All assets must be self-contained, and not loaded from any external URLs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      -  All assets must be self-contained and not loaded from any external URLs. This includes Web Chat assets and test assets
```

>    -  No log to console unless it is a deprecation notes, warning, or error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   -  No logging to console. Only exceptions:
      - Deprecation notes 
      - Warnings
      - Errors
```

   -  No global pollution, for example:
      -  No `taborder` with numbers other than `0` or `-1`
      -  Minimize `z-index` usage

>          -  If `z-index` is a must, it must be in a [new stacking context](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Positioning/Understanding_z_index/The_stacking_context)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         -  If `z-index` is an absolute must, it must be used in a [new stacking context](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Positioning/Understanding_z_index/The_stacking_context)
```

>       -  Be mindful when using CSS styles in a component with content from end-developers, CSS style may leak into the content, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      -  Be mindful when using CSS styles in a component with content from end-developers. CSS styles may leak into the content, for example:
```

>          -  Set `font-family` as early as possible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         -  Set `font-family` as early as possible
```
in the CSS? Component? DOM tree?

Reviewer: Why?

Reviewer: Yeah, makes sense. Just need to get the wording. 

'Set CSS as high in the DOM tree as possible, for example:
```
<section>
  <header>Header</header>
  <p>First</p>
  <p>Second</p>
  <footer>Footer</p>
</section>
```

Setting `font-family` in `<section>` produces fewer lines of code then setting `font-family` in `<header>`, `<p>`, and `<footer>`, due to the cascade effect.'

What do you think?

Author: LGTM, updated.

-  Inclusivity

>    -  All features must be accessible, please refer to [`docs/ACCESSIBILITY.md`](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/blob/main/docs/ACCESSIBILITY.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   -  All features must be accessible. Please refer to [`docs/ACCESSIBILITY.md`](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/blob/main/docs/ACCESSIBILITY.md)
```

      -  Tab order, content readability, assistive technology-only text, color contrast, etc. must be maintained
      -  Assistive technology and browser compatibility
         -  NVDA/JAWS: Chrome and Firefox

>          -  Narrator: Microsoft Edge and Internet Explorer 11

Reviewer: Could you verify that we support IE11 with Narrator? I seem to recall we don't.

>          -  VoiceOver: Safari

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         -  VoiceOver: Safari on OSX and iOS
```
(and the new iPad OS?)

         -  TalkBack: Chrome on Android

>    -  All strings must be localized, all formats must be internationalized

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   -  All strings must be localized and all formats internationalized
```

      -  Please refer to [`docs/LOCALIZATION.md`](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/tree/main/docs/LOCALIZATION.md)
-  Tests

>    -  Tests are important to reduces our maintenence burden

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   -  Tests are important to reduce maintenance burdening
```

   -  Pull requests without tests will not be approved or merged into the project
   -  When fixing a bug, a new test must be added to reproduce the bug to protect regressions
   -  For feature work, please add as many tests as needed to future-proof the feature and protect the investment

>    -  Avoid using sleeps, use [fake timer](https://www.npmjs.com/package/lolex) instead

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   -  Avoid using sleeps. Instead, use [fake timer](https://www.npmjs.com/package/lolex)
```

>    -  Writes shorter test code and more test pages, to maximize test parallelism

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Prioritize short, numerous tests to maximize test parallelism
      - Avoid single, monolithic tests as much as possible
```

> -  [Secure by default](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secure_by_default)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Ensure that changes are [secure by default](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secure_by_default)
```

-  Benchmark

>    -  Performance should not drop significantly

Reviewer: Resolving. I don't see a big benefit in adding comments 'we don't have a way for customers to test performance' haha

   -  Windows 10
      -  Chrome
      -  Microsoft Edge Chromium
      -  Firefox
      -  Internet Explorer 11 (except speech features)
   -  Safari on macOS
   -  Safari on iOS or iPadOS
   -  Chrome on Android

> -  Feature documentation, samples, live demo, operation of demo bots

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Include feature documentation, samples, live demo, published demo bots, etc.
```

>    -  All samples must also come with a hosted live demo

Reviewer: Add comments on PRs to Mock Bot are allowed

Reviewer: Ah that's true, haha! Yes, resolving this comment.

   -  Please discuss with us if a specific bot is needed for the live demo

> ## Our workflows

Reviewer: Revert

> Here list how we generally work when [fixing a bug](#fixing-bug) or [implementing a new feature](#implement-new-feature).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is a guidance list on how to approach when [fixing a bug](#fixing-bug) or [implementing a new feature](#implement-new-feature).
```

### Fixing bugs

> Write the bug repro as a test, before fixing the bug.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Write the bug repro as a test before fixing the bug.
```

1. Clone and prepare the repository or reset an existing one
   -  To reset, run `npm run tableflip`
1. Run continuous build by running `npm start`

> 1. Reproduce the bug on a test page, under `__tests__/html/this-is-the-bug.html`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Reproduce the bug on a test page under `__tests__/html/this-is-the-bug.html`
```
Add note about following test naming conventions

Reviewer: isn't the naming convention actually `this.is.the.bug.html`?

Author: Naming the test file is difficult. 😅

Let me rename it to `this.is.the.bug.html`.

1. Run `npm run browser` and navigate to the test page

>    -  Make sure the test fail as described in the repro

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   -  Make sure the test(s) fail as described in the repro
```

1. Fix the bug

> 1. Reload the test page, it should succeed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Tests should succeed after bug fixes are compiled and reloaded in the browser
```

> 1. Run all test suites in an automated manner

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run all test suites:
```

Isn't this section repetitive of one of the above sections?

Author: Should we name it "Summary"?

Or, should I move this one up and makes it like ToC? Then link all bullet points to sections above?

   -  Run `npm run docker`, followed by `npm test` in a new terminal
1. Do [final checks](#final-checks)
1. Submit a pull request

### Implementing new features

> Write the user story while implementing the feature.

Reviewer: docs to developing a user story?

Reviewer: Hmmm maybe we can just file an issue for now.

Author: #3892

1. Clone and prepare the repository or reset an existing one
   -  To reset, run `npm run tableflip`
1. Run continuous build by running `npm start`
1. Clone the test page `__tests__/html/simple.html` to `my-feature.html` and use it as a playground
1. Run `npm run browser` and navigate to the test page
1. Implement the feature and update/add test pages as needed
   -  Test pages should include cases that need more attention, and unhappy paths
1. Run all test suites in an automated manner

>    -  Run `npm run docker`, followed by `npm test` in a new terminal

Reviewer: See notes above for corrections

Author: Please check again if I have applied all of them.

1. For prominent features

>    -  Write a new sample with `README.md`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   -  Write a new sample with a `README.md`, following our samples format
```

      -  This is the user story and proof-of-record on how the feature will work

>       -  Update [`samples/README.md`](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/blob/main/samples/README.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      -  Update [`samples/README.md`](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/blob/main/samples/README.md) to include the new sample in the list
```
